# Cybersecurity-Game
Cybersentries: The Quest for AI

Last update: 2-24-2024

The game is designed as a 2-dimensional top-down adventure video game that is both engaging and educational, providing a fundamental and important understanding of cybersecurity. The game could be played by a person at any experience in cybersecurity and requires intermediate understanding of how to use a computer for games.

All images are generated by AI and background music is royalty free. Credit is provided in game where it is due.

-----------------------
Date 4-6-2024
Current Version: v.28.3

Feature improvements:
* Terminal now tells the player to re-interact with the Robot Guard explicitly.
* Reopening the terminal after hacking continues to show that the guard was hacked instead of resetting automatically.

Functional improvements:
* Gates no longer use update function. This may slightly improve resource usage.
* Dialogue is now triggered by NPCs consistently. Previously the dialogue was triggered by progression value alone.
* Reorganization of camera scripts in file folders.

-----------------------
Date: 4-6-2024
Current Version: v.28.2

Feature improvements:
* Added more objectives for clarity
* Objectives scale better to camera
* Red gate closes behind player to be less confusing

-----------------------
Date: 2-24-2024
Current Version: v.28.1

New feature updates:
* Objectives popup
* Added 1 heart to phishing quiz (total of 3)
* Changed spike graphic to more obvious looking spikes

-----------------------
Date: 12-20-2023
Current Version: v.28.0
*First Release

Features:
* 5 Levels
* 5 puzzles
* 1 boss